Thank goodness what did you do?
Didn't do anything.
Is to let the people under your command
Just buy some stocks for fun
Why are you afraid?
Impossible Temple Lord has chosen another person
What other subordinates do you have?
Phoenix
No way that woman doesn't understand business, Dad
Don't be fooled by him.
It's just a coincidence
A phone call.
How can it be possible to put leaves
Buy all the shares in the hands of the shareholders?
I doubt it.
Someone must have taken action against our Ye family
The problem is that the stocks of the major shareholders are now
It has all flowed into the Ye family
What? How is that possible?
Isn't this a sales sniper?
My Ye family
It is now a wholly-owned Yip consortium
This time I really have a chance to fight for Great Xia
President of the Chamber of Commerce
Got it.
You must have pretended to be the owner of the temple and asked the temple to help
Dad, I'm going to the Building Chamber of Commerce to report him now
Ok, I'll wait.
I'd like to see what the building chamber of commerce can do
Hello
You have damn grass
Dad?
He offended all the shareholders of our night market today
All shareholders leave
How will we operate in the future?
Is that a problem?
He's cool
But my Ye family has suffered an unprecedented blow
ridiculous
You take those ordinary people too seriously.
It's just a bunch of wine bags and rice bags
Without them
Night market groups can only be better
What do you mean?
The night market group has become the richest man in a building
Within three months
The night market will be led by me, Ye Tianci
Become the number one in the world's top 500
You are not afraid that the wind will reward your tongue
You said it yourself.
My career is like a dragon, and I will quit the industrialist starting today.
With the major shareholders, the president of the Chang'an Building Chamber of Commerce
Back against the temple
millionaire
You and you
Then don't cry and marry me back